>> Mike North: Welcome back,
we're going to look at how one
might stage a clickjacking attack.
So I've got a pre-prepared URL,
I'm gonna open up in a browser here.
>> Mike North: Another JS Bin.
>> Mike North: So, what I want you to see
is, we've got a tantalizing landing
page here in browser default styling,
as I like my landing pages,
just because they load so fast.
And, you can see who's
got an iframe down here.
I'm gonna actually dial
back the opacity here.
I wanna make sure I'm logged in.
>> Mike North: I think I
might be suspended right now.
>> Mike North: There we go.
>> Mike North: Wonderful, so you can see,
the easiest way to get
clickjacking to build one of these
is to operate at 50% opacity and
to sort of position things
until you're happy with them.
So this is an exercise of
some expert CSS nudging here.
So we're just gonna find the iframe,
>> Mike North: And,
where are you?
>> Mike North: There we are.
So we can grab that iFrame,
and we then want to manipulate
the styles a little bit.
>> Mike North: Sorry, let me back off.
All right, so we've got some styles, we've
selected our iframe, we still have it,
great.
>> Mike North: So here we can say,
like the position is absolute.
So let's say we go left of 400 pixels.
>> Mike North: Maybe I landed exactly
at where it happened to be, I did.
All right, so 300, that's too much, 200.
All right, let's work on
getting that up a little bit,
top.
>> Mike North: So -200 pixels,
it looks like a little bit too much.
Pro tip, if you hold option and
shift up and down,
you can like jump by 10 pixel increments,
that looks okay, right.
It's nice that we have the button
that users clicking on is smaller
than the one they think they're
clicking on is a smaller target.
We can just put it completely
inside the other one.
So there,
let me make sure I'm just gonna drag this.
Good, that's absolute positioning
is what you want there.
And, let me make sure my copy that and
I put it into the style
property using inline CSS as
all great CSS practitioners
do.
>> Mike North: Okay, so there it is.
And if we run it again, it's still there.
Looks like we're at the log in page again,
silly thing.
>> Mike North: Should have never used
the database for sessions.
>> Mike North: All right,
and the last thing we would do
here is basically fade this
out.
>> Mike North: And now when we click this,
I'll notice first off like
it should alarm you that,
you see my cursor's changing as
I get anywhere near this button?
That's bad news.
And you click this, and
it's like, nothing happened.
What do you do when you click a button and
nothing happens?
You click more, and click more, and
click more, and now everybody's gone.
So that is how you stage
a clickjacking attack.